.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us fix issues.
title: ''
labels: 'Type: Bug'
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Processing an issue will go much faster when this is filled out, and issues which do not use this template WILL BE REMOVED and no fix will be considered!

Before filing, PLEASE check if the issue already exists (either open or closed) by using the search bar on the issues page. If it does, comment there. Even if it's closed, we can reopen it based on your comment.

Also, please note the application version in the title of the issue. For example: "[3.2.1] Cannot connect to 3rd-party printer". Please do NOT write things like "Request:" or "[BUG]" in the title; this is what labels are for.

Thank you for using Cura!
-->

**Application version**
(The version of the application this issue occurs with.)

**Platform**
(Information about the operating system the issue occurs on. Include at least the operating system.
In the case of visual glitches/issues, also include information about your graphics drivers and GPU.)

**Printer**
(Which printer was selected in Cura?

**Reproduction steps**
1. Something you did.
2. Something you did next.

**Screenshot(s)**
Adding screenshot(s) is a very good idea to identify what exactly the problem is. We get lots of bug reports and a screenshot is also a great help to tell them apart without downloading and opening a project file. 
Feel free to add text either inside or below the screenshots. Before (earlier, working version of Cura) / After (Problematic version of Cura) screenshots might work well, too. 

**Actual results**
(What happens after the above steps have been followed.)

**Expected results**
(What should happen after the above steps have been followed.)

**Project file**
Provide a project which clearly shows the bug.
Rather than providing a model file, provide a project (.3mf or .curaproject) file. This will include all the settings you used, which is crucial to reproducing your problem.
To upload a project, try changing the extension to e.g. bug_example.3mf.zip so that GitHub accepts uploading the file.
If the file is too big, we recommend http://wetransfer.com, but other file hosts like Google Drive or Dropbox work well too. Please make sure the file is publicly available ie. "shared with everyone"

**Log file**
It is important to provide a log file. It might provide us info about why a certain material was selected, or is not compatible, for example.
Information about how to find the log file can be found at https://github.com/Ultimaker/Cura#logging-issues 

**Additional information**
(Extra information relevant to the issue)

Commit message:

Make template a bit less intimidating and restore brackets again
I think the 'why' of things is not always relevant and makes people prevent reading all of it. Keep it brief! And with all of this information that people tend to just leave there it's hard to find the actual changes that people made to the template. That's also why the brackets are important, so that it's easy to see that people didn't erase the original template text.
We used to have HTML comment codes there but then people put the actual bug report inside the comments as well and nothing showed up, so this is somewhat of a middle ground that everyone understands, programmers and non-programmers.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us fix issues.
title: ''
labels: 'Type: Bug'
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Processing an issue will go much faster when this is filled out, and issues which do not use this template WILL BE REMOVED and no fix will be considered!

Before filing, PLEASE check if the issue already exists (either open or closed) by using the search bar on the issues page. If it does, comment there. Even if it's closed, we can reopen it based on your comment.

Also, please note the application version in the title of the issue. For example: "[3.2.1] Cannot connect to 3rd-party printer". Please do NOT write things like "Request:" or "[BUG]" in the title; this is what labels are for.

Thank you for using Cura!
-->

**Application version**
(The version of the application this issue occurs with.)

**Platform**
(Information about the operating system the issue occurs on. Include at least the operating system and maybe GPU.)

**Printer**
(Which printer was selected in Cura?)

**Reproduction steps**
1. (Something you did.)
2. (Something you did next.)

**Screenshot(s)**
(Image showing the problem, perhaps before/after images.) 

**Actual results**
(What happens after the above steps have been followed.)

**Expected results**
(What should happen after the above steps have been followed.)

**Project file**
(For slicing bugs, provide a project which clearly shows the bug, by going to File->Save. For big files you may need to use WeTransfer or similar file sharing sites.)

**Log file**
(See https://github.com/Ultimaker/Cura#logging-issues to find the log file to upload, or copy a relevant snippet from it.)

**Additional information**
(Extra information relevant to the issue.)
